The main genbank database table (TABLE genbank) is structured with the following columns. All contain the "text" data type.
Many descriptions below were adapted from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/samplerecord/ on 28 Apr 2020.

ID - the genbank ID number, formatted as accession_number.version_number
accession - The unique identifier for a sequence record. An accession number applies to the complete record and is
            usually a combination of a letter(s) and numbers
name - the unique name for the genbank record, may be the same as its accession number
description - Brief description of sequence; includes information such as source organism, gene name/protein name, or
              some description of the sequence's function (if the sequence is non-coding).
molecule_type - the type of molecule that was sequenced
topology - The physical shape of the molecule. E.g., linear or circular DNA.
genbank_division - The GenBank division to which a record belongs. Indicated with a three letter abbreviation.
                   More information on the different divisions can be found at
                   https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/samplerecord/#GenBankDivisionB
date - the date the genbank record was last modified
source - The organism or molecule type that this sequence came from. Free-format, possibly abbreviated
organism - The formal scientific name for the source organism (genus and species, where appropriate).
taxonomy - The most specific phylogenetic classification for the genbank record object. Used in conjunction with the
           taxonomy table to reconstruct phylogenies (see "TABLE taxonomy" description)
seq - The nucleic or amino acid sequence



TABLE references provides all the references associated with each genbank ID. Columns are as follows:

ID - The genbank ID number, formatted as accession_number.version_number. Field contains text.
feature_start - The initial position (in bp) that the reference refers to. Field contains an integer.
feature_end - The final position (in bp) that the reference refers to. Field contains an integer.
authors - List of authors in the order in which they appear in the cited article. Field contains text.
journal - MEDLINE abbreviation of the journal name. Field contains text.
comment - TODO: what IS comment? Possibly the section under all the references, but not all genbank files have it.

Of note, entries with "Direct Submission" instead of an article title. Contact information of the submitter, such as
institute/department and postal address, is included. Some older records do not contain a submitter block.
